"Another tankard!" muttered the creature.

At these significant words, knowing that the crucial moment had come,
the jester retreated rapidly, and, making his way down the passage,
stood in a dark corner near his room.  As of one accord the voices
ceased below; a heavy creaking announced the approach of the morio;
nearer and nearer, first on the stairs, then in the upper corridor.
From where he remained concealed the fool dimly discerned the figure of
the would-be assassin.

At the door of the jestress' room it paused.  The fool lifted his
blade; the form passed on.  Before the chamber of the _plaisant_ its
movements became more stealthy; it bent and listened.  Should the
jester spring upon it now?  A strange loathing made him hesitate, and,
before he had time to carry his purpose into execution, the creature,
throwing aside further pretense of caution, swung back the door and
launched himself across the apartment.  A heavy blow, swiftly followed
by another; afterward, the stillness of death.

Every moment the jester expected an outcry; the announcement of the
fruitlessness of the attack, but the morio made no sound.  The silence
became oppressive; the _plaisant_ felt almost irresistibly impelled
toward that terrible chamber, when with heavy, lumbering step, the
creature reappeared, traversed the hall like a huge automaton and
mechanically descended the stairs.  Recovering from his surprise, the
fool again resumed his position commanding the scene below, and
breathlessly awaited the sequel to the singular pantomime he had
witnessed.

"Well, is it done?" asked the harsh voice of the master of the boar.

"Yes; done!" was the submissive answer.

"Good!  Now to get the sword."

"Not so fast," broke in the landlord.  "Do you kill, morio, without
drawing blood?  Look at his dagger."

The leader took the blade, examined it, and then began to call down
curses on the head of the imbecile monster.  "Clean, save for a thread
of cotton," he cried angrily.  "You never went near him."

"Yes, yes, master!" replied the creature, eagerly.

"Then, perhaps, you strangled him?" suggested the man.

"No; stab! stab!" reiterated the morio, in an almost imploring tone,
shrinking from the glances cast upon him.

"Bah!  You stabbed the bed, fool; not the man," roughly returned the
other.  "The rogue has guessed our purpose and left the room," he
continued, addressing the others.  "But he's skulking somewhere.  Well,
knaves, here's a little coursing for us all.  Up with you, morio, and
find him.  Perhaps, though, he may prefer to come down."  And the
leader called out: "Give yourself up, rascal, or it will be the worse
for you."

To this paradoxical threat no answer was returned.  Standing in the
shadow at the head of the stairs, the jester only gripped tighter the
hilt of the coveted sword, while across his vision flashed the picture
of the young girl, left helpless, alone!  What mercy would they show?
The coarse words of the master of the boar and the gibing, loose
responses of the company recurred to him, and, setting his jaw firmer,
the plaisant peered, with gleaming eyes, down into the semi-gloom.

"You won't answer?" cried the leader, after a short interval.  "Smell
him out then, rogues."

Knife in hand, the others at his heels, the morio slowly made his way
up the stairs.  Goaded by the taunts of the outlaws, his face was
distorted with ferocity; through his lips came a fierce, sibilant
breathing; in the dim light his colossal figure and enormous head
seemed in no wise human, but rather a murderous phantasm.  With head
rolling from side to side, stabbing in the air with his knife, he
continued to approach,--an object calculated to strike terror into any
breast.

"Oh! oh!" murmured a voice behind the jester, and, turning, he saw
Jacqueline.  Disturbed by the tumult and the loud voices, the jestress
had left her room to learn the cause of the unusual din, and now, with
her dark hair a cloud around her, stood gazing fearfully over the
fool's shoulder.

At the sound of the young girl's voice, so near, the _plaisant's_ hand,
which for the moment had been unsteady, became suddenly steel.  Almost
impatiently he awaited the coming of the morio; at last he drew near,
but, as if instinctively realizing the presence of danger, paused, his
arm ceasing to strike, but remaining stationary in the air.

"Go on!" impatiently shouted those behind him.

At the command the creature sprang forward furiously, when the sword of
the jester shot out; once, twice!  From the morio's grip fell the
dagger; over his face the lust for killing was replaced by a look of
surprise; with a single moan, he threw both arms on high, and,
tottering like an oak, the monster fell backward with a crash, carrying
with him the rogues behind.  Imprecations, threats and cries of pain
ensued; several knaves went limping away from the struggling group; one
lay prostrate as the morio himself; the master of the boar rubbed his
shoulder, anathematizing roundly the cause of the disaster.

"I think my arm's put out!" he said.  "Is the creature dead?" he added,
viciously.

"Dead as a herring," answered the landlord, bending over the motionless
figure.

"Beshrew me, I thought the jester was a craven," growled he of the
boar.  "What does it mean?"

"That he saw the snare and spread another," replied the host.

"Go back to your room, mistress," whispered the plaisant to the young
girl, "and lock yourself in."

"Nay; I'll not leave you," she replied.  "Do you think they will
return?" she added in a voice she strove to make firm.

"I am certain of it.  Go, I beg you--to your window and call out.  It
is a slender hope, but the best we have.  Fear not; I can hold the
stairs yet a while."

A moment she hesitated, then glided away.  At the same time he of the
boar grasped a sword in his left hand, and, with his right hanging
useless, rushed up the


