"That is rather the idea," said Judy. Her spirits were rising, though
she couldn't have told you why. "Things at a bazaar are usually for
sale, aren't they?"

"Everything?" said he--and he stroked the not resentful neck of
Alcibiades; "this good little beast isn't in the market, I'm afraid?"

"Why? Would you buy him?"

"I'd think twice before I said no. My mother is frightfully fond of
dogs."

Quite unreasonably Judy felt that she did not want to sell Alcibiades as
a present to any one's mother.

"The sketches," she said.

"The sketches," said he; "why, there's Maidstone Church and Farley and
Teston Lock and Allington. How much are they?"

She told him.

"I must have some. May I have a dozen? They're disgracefully cheap, and
I feel like an American pork man buying works of art by the dozen--for
they _are_ jolly good--and it brings back old times. I was quartered
there once."

"I knew it," she said to herself. Alcibiades stood up with his paws on
her arm. "Be quiet," she said to him; "you mustn't talk now. I'm busy."

Alcibiades gave her a reproachful look, and lay down.

The stranger smiled; a very jolly smile, Judy thought.

"Ripping little beast, isn't he?" said the stranger.

"I suppose you're invalided home?" she said. She couldn't help it. A man
in the Service. One who had been quartered at Maidstone, her own dear
Maidstone. He was no longer a stranger.

"Yes," he said; "beastly bore. But I shall be all right in two or three
months; I hope the fighting won't be all over by then."

"Have you sold this gentleman anything?" said the Aunt firmly, "because
Mrs Biddle wants to look at some d'oyleys."

"I'm just selling something," answered Judy. Then she turned to him and
spoke softly. "I say, do you really like dogs?" said she.

"Of course I do." The young man opened surprised grey eyes at her, as
who should say: "Now, do I look like a man who doesn't like dogs?"

"Well, then," she said, "Alcibiades _is_ for sale."

"Is that his name? Why?"

"Oh, surely you know: wasn't it Alcibiades who gave up being dictator or
something rather than have his dog's ears cut off?"

"I seem to remember something of the sort," he said.

"Well," said she, "his price is twenty guineas, but----"

He whistled very softly.

"Yes--I know," she said, "but I'll--yes, Aunt, in one moment!" She went
on in an agonised undertone: "His price is twenty guineas. Say you'll
have him. Say it _loud_. You won't really have to pay anything for
him--No, I'm not mad."

"I'll give you twenty guineas for the dog," said the man, standing
straight and soldierly against the tumbled mass of mats and pin-cushions
and chair-backs.

The Aunt drew a long breath and turned to minister to Mrs Biddle's deep
need of d'oyleys.

"Come and have tea," said the stranger; "you're tired out."

"No--I can't. Of course I can't--but I'll take you over to Mrs Piddock's
stall and----" She led him away. "Look here," she said, "I'm sure you're
a decent sort. Here's the money to pay for him. My aunt says if I don't
sell him she'll have him killed. Will you keep him for me till my people
come home? Oh, do--he really _is_ an angel. And give me your name and
address. You must think me a maniac, but I am so horribly fond of him.
Will you?"

"Of course I will," he said heartily, "but I shall pay for him. I'll
write a cheque: you can pay me when you get him back. Thank you--yes, I
am sure that pin-cushion would delight my aunt."

Judy, with burning cheeks, found her way back to her stall.

"Oh, Alcibiades," she said, unfastening the blue ribbon, "I'm sure he's
nice. Don't bite him, there's a dear!"

A cheque signed "Richard Graeme" and a card with an address came into
Judy's hands, and the chain of Alcibiades left them.

"I know you'll be good to him," she said; "don't give him meat, only
biscuit, and sulphur in his drinking water. But you know all that.
You've got me out of a frightful hole, and I'll bless you as long as I
live. Good-bye." She stooped to the Aberdeen, now surprised and pained.
"Good-bye, my dear old boy!"

And Alcibiades, stubborn resistance in every line of his figure, in
every hair of his coat, was dragged away through the crowded bazaar.

Judy went to bed very tired. The bazaar had been a success, and the
success had been talked over and the money counted till late in the
evening--nearly eleven, that is, which is late for Tabbies--yet she woke
at four. Some one was calling her. It was--no, he was gone--her eyes
pricked at the thought--yet--surely that could be the voice of no other
than Alcibiades? She sat up in bed and listened. It was he! That was his
dear voice whining at the side gate. Those were his darling paws
scratching the sacred paint off it.

Judy swept down the stairs like a silent whirlwind, turned key, drew
bolts, and in a moment she and the cur were "sobbing in each other's
arms."

She carried him up to her room, washed his dear, muddy paws, and spread
her golf cape that he might lie on the bed beside her.

In chilliest, earliest dawn she rose and dressed. She found a wire that
had supported her pictures at the bazaar, and she wrote a note and tied
it to the collar of Alcibiades, where she noticed and untied a frayed
end of rope. This was the note:

     "He has run home to me. Why did you take the chain off? He
     always bites through cord. Don't beat him for it; he'll soon
     forget me."

The tears came into her eyes as she wrote it; it seemed to her
