
The whisky was beginning to show its effects at last, although his voice
was still clear, his hand still steady. An unhealthy flush had come to
his cheeks; the strange look in his eyes had become more pronounced.

And yet had a stranger entered the room at that moment, that stranger
would have been struck by his tall, stalwart figure and his striking
face. For Radford Leicester was no ordinary-looking man. Compared with
him the others were commonplace. Neither was his face a bad face. It
suggested lack of faith and lack of hope, but it did not suggest evil.
Moreover, the well-shaped head, the broad forehead, the finely formed
features, suggested intellectuality and force of character. It also told
of a man whom nothing could daunt when his mind was made up. But it was
not the face of a happy man. No man who is without faith and hope can
be.

Radford Leicester had come into the world handicapped. His father was a
hard drinker before him, and he had inherited the love for alcohol. But
more, he had been educated in a bad school. His mother had died when he
was a child, and thus he became entirely under his father's influence.
His father was a clever man, but a man whom life had embittered. He had
been embittered by the death of his wife; he had been embittered because
he had never obtained the success he had coveted. He saw men who did not
possess half the brains or half the scholarship which he possessed, leap
into fame, while he remained obscure. Perhaps this was because his
theory of life was so utterly hopeless, and his faith in men and women
was so little. Young Radford was naturally influenced by his father's
views and his father's character, and thus by the time he was old enough
to go to a public school he was, like Shelley, an atheist.

Presently his father, who was ambitious for his son's future, sent him
to Oxford. He became a student at Magdalen College, where he obtained,
not only a reputation as a scholar and a debater, but he became
notorious pretty much on the same lines that Shelley became notorious.
He became more and more imbued with the materialistic philosophy which
was accepted by a certain section of the men there; indeed, he became
their leader and spokesman. He professed an utter contempt for life. He
regarded men and women as so many worthless things spawned upon the
shores of time, to be presently swept away into nothingness. He had
little or no faith in the nobility of human nature. Men were mostly
sordid, selfish, and base. Trace men's motives to their source, and they
were in the main selfish. Women were, if possible, worse than men. When
he was about twenty-four he altered his opinion for a time. He fell in
love with a girl who fascinated him by her wit, her beauty, and what he
believed to be her goodness. For a time his love made him cast off his
father's hopeless philosophy. He formed plans for the future. Through
his mother he possessed an income which, while not large, placed him in
a position of affluence. It was large enough to enable him to enter
Parliament, where he believed he could make for himself a brilliant
future.

He proposed to the girl with whom he had become enamoured, and was
accepted. He had barely become a happy accepted lover, however, when a
young barrister who had won a great deal of praise at the Bar, and had
also entered Parliament, where he was spoken of as a man with a great
future, also proposed to her. Without hesitation this girl, Blanche
Bridgetown by name, cast Leicester aside and accepted the man who had
made a reputation, rather than keep her faith with one whose future was
uncertain. In this decision Blanche Bridgetown was largely influenced by
her mother.

Radford Leicester soon recovered from the wound he had received in his
heart, but he did not recover from the blow which was struck at his
faith. All his old cynicism and hopelessness reasserted themselves.
Whenever he spoke of women he spoke bitterly, his outlook on life became
less cheerful than ever.

Then another element entered his life. Up to this time he had not been a
hard drinker; but now the taste which he had inherited grew stronger.
Drink made him forget his wounded pride; and, confident in his boast
that no distilled spirits could ever affect him outwardly, he indulged
in this evil habit more and more freely.

Still, pride was not dead. Professing, as he did, that life was a
miserable sort of affair at the best, he still had ambition. He wanted
to carve out for himself a place of position and power. His party had
found a constituency for him, and he had contested it. At the time of
the contest, however, the political opinions which Radford had adopted
were not popular. His opponent won the seat.

Again he was embittered, again his pride was wounded, and the habit
which had been gaining in strength now seemed to have obtained a
complete mastery over him. Thus Radford Leicester, who had never been
known to be drunk, was a drunkard. He had no faith in man; he had no
faith in God.

There was one power in his life, however--ambition. He wanted to be
renowned. He knew that he possessed unusual abilities; his career in
Oxford had proved it; his friends had admitted it a hundred times in a
hundred ways. Moreover, the vice which had mastered him had not degraded
him in the eyes of men. Only a very few knew that he was a hard drinker.
He always dressed well, spoke clearly, and walked steadily. Of his
cynicism he made no secret, of his repudiation of the Christian story
and of Christian morals he almost boasted; nevertheless, nearly every
one spoke of
