And that was how the dream-dressed Lady Yalding came to sweep into the
old lady's sitting-room--it was as full of mahogany, by the way, as
Maisie's home in Lewisham--and spoke so kindly of Maisie's loneliness,
that the girl could have fallen down and worshipped at her Paris shoes.

When Maisie, in the figured lavender satin that had been her mother's,
swept across the great hall on the arm of the Honourable James, she felt
that this indeed was life. Here was the great world with its infinite
possibilities.

"How did you get on?" his sister-in-law asked him later.

"Oh, it's quite a decent sort of little mouse," he said. "Wants to make
sure you see how cultivated it is, quotes poetry--what?--and talks about
art. It's a little touching and all that to see how busy it is putting
all its poor little stock in the tiny shop-window."

Maisie, alone in her room, was walking up and down, trailing the
lavender satin, recalling with kindled eyes and red-rose cheeks every
word, every look of her cavalier. How kindly he had spoken, yet how
deferentially; how he had looked, how he had smiled! At dinner she
supposed it was his business to talk to her. But afterwards, when she
was sitting, a little forlornly and apart from the noisy chatter of the
bright-plumaged house-party, how he had come straight over to her
directly the gentlemen came into the drawing-room! And she felt that she
had not been wanting to herself on so great an occasion.

"I _know_ I talked well. I'm certain he saw directly that I wasn't a
silly idiot."

She lay long awake, and, as the men trooped up the stairs, she tried to
fancy that she could already distinguish his footsteps.

The letter she wrote to her mother next day was, compared to those other
lying letters, as a lit chandelier to a stable-lantern. And the mother
knew the difference.

"Poor darling!" she thought. "She must have been very miserable all
this time. But she's happy now, God bless her!"

By the week's end, every thought, every dream, every hope of Maisie's
life was centred in the Honourable James; her tenderness, her ambition
turned towards him as flowers to the sun.

And her happiness lighted a thousand little candles all around her. No
one could see the candles, of course, but every one saw the radiant
illumination of her beauty. And the other men of the house-party saw it
too. Even Lord Yalding distinguished her by asking whether she had read
some horrid book about earthworms.

"You're making a fool of that girl, Jim," said Lady Yalding. "I really
think it's too bad."

"My good Fanny, don't be an adorable idiot! I'm only trying to give the
poor little duffer a good time. There's nothing else to do. The other
girls really are--now, you know they are, Fanny--between ourselves----"

"They're all duty people, of course," she said. "Well, only do be
careful."

He was careful. He subdued his impulses to tenderness and gentle
raillery. He talked seriously to little Miss Mouse, and presently he
found that she was seriously talking to him--telling him, for instance,
how she wrote poetry, and how she longed to show it to some one and ask
whether it really was so bad as she sometimes feared.

What could he do but beg her to show it to him? But there he pulled
himself up short.

"There's skating to-morrow. We're going to drive over to Dansent. Would
you like to come?"

Her grey eyes looked up quickly, and the long lashes drooped over them.
She had read of that trick in a book, and for the life of him he could
not help knowing it. Her answer to his question came from a book, too,
though it also came from her heart.

"Ah," she said, "you know!"

Then the Honourable James was honestly frightened. Next day he had a
telegram, and departed abruptly. And as abruptly the old lady returned.

And now Maisie had a secret joy to feed on--a manna to sustain her in
the wilderness of her tiresome life. She thought of _him_. He loved her;
she was certain of it. Miss Mouse could imagine no reason but love for
the kindness he had shown her. He had gone away without a word, but that
was for some good reason. Probably he had gone to confess to his mother
how he had given his whole heart to a penniless orphan--well, she was
half an orphan, anyway. But the days slipped by and he did not come
back. All that bright time at Christmas had faded like a picture from a
magic-lantern when the slide is covered. Lady Yalding was quite nice and
kind, but she left Maisie to the work Maisie was paid for.

Maisie's mother perceived, through Maisie's studied accounts of her
happiness, more than a glimpse of the reality.

Then, at last, when the days grew unbearable, Maisie wrote to him, a
prim little letter with agitated heart-beats between the lines, where
he, being no fool, did not fail to find them. Yet he had to answer the
letter. He did it briefly.

     "DEAR MISS ROLLESTON," he wrote, "I have received your letter
     and the little poem, which is very nice. Poems about Spring are
     the pleasantest kind, I think.--With kind regards, I am yours
     sincerely."

It was not, as you may see, worth the heartache with which Maisie
watched for it.

It was when she wrote again, and sent more verses, that he decided he
must not mince matters.

     "DEAR MISS ROLLESTON," was his second letter, "it is good of
     you to write again. Now I do hope you won't be offended with me
     for what I am going to say. I am so much older than you, you
     know, and I know you are alone at Yalding, with no one to
     advise you, so it must be my

