Yawning, the fool stretched his arms, looking not at the nobleman, but
beyond him, and, instinctively, the princess' betrothed peered over his
shoulder in the semi-darkness behind, while his hand quickly sought his
sword.

"Fie, most noble Duke!" exclaimed the jester.  "We have no
eavesdroppers or interlopers, believe me!  We are entirely alone, you
and I--master and fool.  There; come no nearer, I beg!"  As the
nobleman menacingly moved toward him.

"Have you any argument to advance, Sir Fool, why I should not?" said
the other, grimly, a gleam of amusement depicted on his broad face as
he paused the while.

"An argument, sharp as a needle, somewhat longer!" replied the jester,
touching his breast and drawing from between the folds of his doublet a
shining hilt.

Harsh and loud laughed the king's guest.  "You fool," he said, "you had
your opportunity below there in the hall and missed it.  You hesitated,
went blindly another course, and now"--with ominous meaning--"you are
here!"

Upon the stick a candle dripped, sputtered and went out; the jester
bent forward and with the copper snuffer on the table near by deftly
trimmed the remaining light.

"Only fools fight in darkness," he remarked, quietly, "and here is but
one of them."

"You pit yourself and that--plaything!--against me?" asked the burly
soldier, derisively.

"Have you hunted the wild boar, my Lord?" lightly answered the other.
"How mighty it is!  How savage!  What tusks!  You know the pastime?  A
quick step, a sure arm, an eye like lightning--presto! your boar lies
on his back, with his feet in the air!  You, my Lord, are the boar;
big, clumsy, brutal!  Shall we begin the sport?  I promise to prick you
with every rush."

The prospective bridegroom paused thoughtfully.

"There is some justice in what you say," he returned, his manner that
of a man who has carefully weighed and considered a matter.  "I confess
to partiality for the thick of the fray, the brunt of the fight, where
men press all around you."

"Assuredly, my Lord; for then the boar is in his element; no matter how
he rushes, his tusks strike yielding flesh."

"Why should we fight at all--at present?" cautiously ventured the
noble, with further hesitation.  "Not that I doubt I could easily crush
you"--extending his muscular arms--"but you _might_ prick me, and, just
now, discretion may be the better part of valor.  I--a duke, engaged to
wed a princess, have much to lose; you, nothing!  A fool's stroke might
kill a king."

"Or a knave, my Lord!" added the _plaisant_.

"Or a knave, sirrah!" thundered the duke, the veins starting out on his
forehead.

The jester half drew his dagger; his quiet confidence and glittering
eye impressed even his antagonist, inured to scenes of violence and
strife.

"Is it a truce, most noble Lord?" said the fool, significantly.  "A
truce wherein we may call black, black; and white, white!  A truce
which may be broken by either of us, with due warning to the other?"

Knitting his brow, the noble stood motionless, deeply pondering, his
headlong passion evidently at combat with his judgment; then his face
cleared, a hard, brusque laugh burst from his lips and he brought his
fist violently down on the massive oak table near the door.

"So be it!" he assented, with a more open look.

"A truce--without any rushes from the boar?"

"Fool!  Does not my word suffice?" contemptuously retorted the duke.

"Yes; for although you are--what you are--you have been a soldier, and
would not break a truce."

"Such commendation from--my jester is, indeed, flattering!" satirically
remarked the king's guest, seating himself in a great chair which
brought him face to face with the fool and yet commanded the door, the
intruder's only means of retreat.

"Pardon me, the duke's jester, you mean?"

"Yes; mine!"

"A distinction with a difference!" retorted the fool.  "It is quite
true I am the duke's jester; it is equally untrue I am yours.
Therefore, we reach the conclusion that you and the duke are two
different persons.  Plainly, not being the duke, you are an impostor.
Have you any fault to find with my reasoning?"

"On the contrary," answered the other, with no sign of anger or
surprise, "your reasoning is all that could be desired.  Why should I
deny what you already know?  I was aware, of course, that you knew,
when I first learned his jester was in the castle.  Frankly, I am not
the duke--to you!"

"But with Francis and the court?" suggested the fool, uplifting his
brows.

"I am the duke--and such remain!  You understand?"

"Perfectly, my Lord," replied the jester, shrugging his shoulders.
"But since I am not the king, nor one of the courtiers, whom, for the
time being, have I the honor of addressing?  But, perhaps, I am
over-inquisitive."

"Not at all," said the other, with mocking ceremony.  "You are a
whimsical fellow; besides, I am taken with a man who stands near death
without flinching.  To tell you the truth, our truce is somewhat to my
liking.  There are few men who would have dared what you have to-night.
And although you're only a fool--will you drink with me from this
bottle on the table here?  I'm tired of ceremonies of rank and would
clink a glass in private with a merry fellow.  What say you?"

And leaning over, he filled two large goblets with the rich beverage
from a great flask placed on the stand for his convenience.  His face
lighted with gross conviviality, but behind his jovial, free manner,
that of a trooper in his cups, gleamed a furtive, guarded look, as
though he were studying and testing his man.

"I'm for a free life; some fighting; but snug walls around for
companionship," he continued.  "Look at my soldiers now; roistering,
love-making!  Charles?  Francis?  Not one of the troop would leave me
for emperor or king! 

