When they went back to the villa, they found old Carletto preparing to
serve tea in the columned portico. The Signora Marchesa was just about
to descend, he told them. She called from above as he finished speaking:

"_Hé_, Carletto!... Go tell the Signora Chesney and the Marchesino that
tea is ready...."

"We are here," said Amaldi, going towards the staircase. "Wait ... let
me help you...."

The Marchesa was coming down very slowly, one step at a time, leaning
heavily on a big, ebony cane. The rheumatism in her knee was much
better, but she was still very stiff. She called out in her jolly,
plucky voice as he began mounting towards her:

"But just look how cleverly I manage by myself!..."

As she said this, she planted her stick on the marble floor of the first
landing. Amaldi was within a yard of her--Sophy watching from the hall
below. It all happened in a second. The stick slipped ... the Marchesa,
who had leaned her whole weight upon it for the next downward step, was
thrown head first against the opposite wall. The sound of her bare
forehead against the marble of the wall was horrible. Then Amaldi had
her in his arms.... Sophy and Carletto ran wildly. It seemed as if she
must be dead. They could not realise that such a crashing blow could
result in anything but death.

In a few moments the whole villa was in confusion. Amaldi and his man
Piero carried the Marchesa to her bedroom. Sophy directed the frightened
maids what to do. Amaldi sent Piero to Cortola, the nearest town, for a
doctor. All the time that Sophy was working with Amaldi over the
unconscious form of his mother, a stupid voice kept dinning in her
mind: "_It never rains but it pours.... It never rains but it
pours_...."

It was nearly an hour before the Marchesa regained consciousness. Her
mind became clear in an astonishingly short time, but she was suffering
frightful pain in her head. Fortunately, almost at the moment she opened
her eyes Piero came back with the doctor from Cortola. After a careful
examination, he assured them that there was no concussion of the brain,
and that if the Signora would remain quietly in bed for a few days, all
would be well. It was nearly ten, however, before they became satisfied
that her condition was not dangerous.

Sophy insisted that Amaldi should send Carletto back with her to Venice
and himself remain with his mother. He would not consent to this. The
physician was to spend the night at the villa. The Marchesa was sleeping
quietly now under a strong sedative. Her faithful old _cameriera_ of
forty years' standing was at the bedside. He was not willing for Sophy
to take the journey back without him.

At half-past ten they walked once more through the old garden. The soft
night was wonderful with stars. Carletto went ahead carrying a candle.
His knotty fingers, through which the flame shone in gold and reddish
streaks, and the silver outline of his hair, glided forward mysteriously
against the purple bloom of the night. On the river bank, they saw the
glow of a lantern where the gondolieri were getting things in readiness.
Then the brazen beak of the gondola gleamed suddenly.

When they entered it and the gondolieri began to row, it seemed to Sophy
that the quiet river, veiled in darkness like the stream of fate, was
gliding with them to some appointed end. A feeling of presage welled in
her. She shivered and drew closer to Amaldi.

The night was hushed and grave. The banks stole by soft with grass or
the brooding dimness of foliage. The fields were quiet as sleep. Against
the violet dark rose sometimes the roofs of thatched cottages and now
and then a lighted window shone out--the watchful, steadfast eye of
home.

The gates of the first lock opened--the gondola floated in. Slowly,
almost imperceptibly, they began to sink with the ebbing water. Little
by little, the trees, the houses, the tranquil fields slipped from
view. Now they were in a dark well, as in a tomb together. A strip of
starry sky shone above. They looked up at it without speaking. The dark
lock was like their present--the strip of sky with its secret writing of
stars was like the far hope that glimmered for them above the gulf of
years....

The gates unclosed again; they glided out once more upon the Brenta, and
more than ever it seemed to Sophy like the hidden stream of fate,
bearing them to an appointed end.
When they turned into the Rio San Vio, it was nearly one o'clock.
Glancing up at the windows of her flat, Sophy saw that the little
drawing-room was lighted. Some one came to one of the windows and looked
out between the slats of the blinds as the gondola stopped before the
house--Rosa, probably--poor soul, sick with anxiety!

Amaldi stepped ashore and held out his hand. They went together into the
small court and began to mount the stairs leading to her flat. The
stairway was enclosed and very dark. On the first landing was a window
through which shone a faint gleam of starlight. He stopped and took her
in his arms, but very tenderly. He felt her weariness and apprehension.
His passion curbed itself to her need.

"When shall I see you again?" he whispered.

She whispered back:

"I will let you know.... I will write."

Suddenly she started. Amaldi, too, looked up at the dark stairway.

"I heard a door open.... We must go...." she murmured.

"Wait. Let me go first," he said, taking out a box of matches. "These
will be better than nothing...."

He mounted slowly before her, lighting the little wax-matches as he
went. It seemed to her that the stairway was endless--she was so tired!
She dragged herself up, watching his face and

