Within a much begilt and gorgeous bower, he soon found himself awaiting
patiently the coming of the favorite.  Upon a tiny chair of gold, too
fragile for his bulk, the caller meanwhile inspected the ceilings and
walls of this dainty domicile, mechanically striving to decipher a
painted allegory of Venus and Mars, or Helen and Paris, or the countess
and Francis--he could not decide precisely its purport--when she who
had succeeded Châteaubriant floated into the room, dressed in some
diaphanous stuff, a natural accompaniment to the other decorations; her
dishabille a positive note of modesty amid the vivid colorings and
graceful poses of those tributes to love with which Primaticcio and
other Italian artists had adorned this bower.

"How charming of you!" vaguely murmured the lady, sinking lightly upon
a settee.  "What an early riser you must be, Duke."

Although it was then but two hours from noon, the visitor confessed
himself open to criticism in this regard.  "And you, as well, Madam,"
he added, "must plead guilty of the same fault.  One can easily see you
have been out in the garden, and," he blundered on, "stolen the tints
from the roses."

Sharply the countess looked at him, but read only an honest attempt at
a compliment.

"Why," she said, "you are becoming as great a flatterer as the rest of
them.  But confess now, you did not call to tell me that?"

The free baron looked from her through the folding doors into a
retiring apartment, set with arabesque designs, and adorned with inlaid
tables bearing statues of alabaster and enamel.  Purposely he waited
before he replied, and was gratified to see how curiously she regarded
him when again his glance returned to her.

"No, Madam," he answered, taking credit to himself for his diplomacy,
"it is not necessary that truth should be premeditated.  I had a
serious purpose in seeking you.  Of all the court you alone can assist
me; it is to you, only, I can look for aid.  Knowing you generous, I
have ventured to come."

"What a serious preamble," smiled the lady.  "How grave must be the
matter behind it!"

"The service I ask must be from the king," he went on, with seeming
embarrassment.

"Then why not go to his Majesty?" she interrupted, with the suggestion
of a frown.

"Because I should fail," he retorted, frankly.  "The case is one
wherein a messenger--like yourself--a friend--may I so call you?--would
win, while I, a rough soldier, should but make myself ridiculous, the
laughing stock of the court."

"You interest me," she laughed.  "It must be a pressing emergency when
you honor me--so early in the day."

"It is, Madam," he replied.  "Very pressing to me.  I want the wedding
day changed."

"Changed!" she exclaimed, staring at him.  "Deferred?"

"No; hastened, Madam.  It is too long to wait.  Go to the king; ask him
to shorten the interval; to set the day sooner.  I beg of you, Madam!"

His voice was hard and harsh.  It seemed almost a demand he laid upon
her.  Had he been less blunt or coercive, had he employed a more
honeyed appeal, she would not have felt so moved in his behalf.  In the
atmosphere of adulation and blandishment to which she was accustomed,
the free baron offered a marked contrast to the fine-spoken courtiers,
and she leaned back and surveyed him as though he were a type of the
lords of creation she had not yet investigated.

"Oh, this is delicious!" purred the countess.  "Samson in the toils!
His locks shorn by our fair Delilah!"

The thick-set soldier arose; muscular, well-knit, virile.  "I fear I am
detaining you, Madam," he said, coldly.

"No; you're not," she answered, merrily.  "Won't you be seated--please!
I should have known," she could not resist adding, "that love is as
sensitive as impatient."

"I see, Madam, that you have your mind made up to refuse me, and
therefore--"

"Refuse," repeated the favorite, surveying this unique petitioner with
rising amusement.  "How do you read my mind so well?"

"Then you haven't determined to refuse me?"  And he stepped toward her
quickly.

"No, I haven't," she answered, throwing back her head, like a spoiled
child.  "On the contrary, I will be your messenger, your advocate, and
will plead your cause, and will win your case, and the king shall say
'yes,' and you shall have your princess whene'er you list.  All this I
promise faithfully to do and perform.  And now, if you want to leave me
so sullenly, go!"

But the free baron dropped awkwardly to his knee, took her little hand
in his massive one and raised it to his lips.  "Madam, you overwhelm
me," he murmured.

"That is all very well," she commented, reflectively, "but what about
the princess?  What will she say when--"

"It shall be my task to persuade her.  I am sure she will consent,"
returned the suitor.

"Oh, you're sure of that?" observed the lady.  "You have some faith in
your own powers of persuasion--in certain quarters!"

"Not in my powers, Madam, but in the princess' amiability."

"Perhaps you have spoken to her already?" asked the countess.

"No, Madam; without your assistance, of what use would be her
willingness?"

"What a responsibility you place on my weak shoulders!" cried the
other.  "However, I will not shift the burden.  I will go to his
Majesty at once.  And do you"--gaily--"go to the princess."

"At your command!" he replied, and took his departure.

Without the inclosure of the château gardens, the free baron began to
review the events of the morning with complacency and satisfaction,
but, as he took up the threads of his case and examined them more
narrowly, his peace of mind was darkened with the shadow of a new
disquietude.  What if Francis, less easily cozened than the countess,
should find his suspicions aroused?  What if the princess, who had
immediately dismissed the fool's denouncement

