"Oh--thank God!" she stammered. Then she caught up his hand to her
heart. "How good you are to me! Don't think I don't realise it--your
unselfishness.... You think only of me--and I can't think of anything
but my boy ... of how frightened and wretched he must be.... It's not
that my love for you is any less than my love for him ... but he's so
little ... he's my only son ... he needs me so...."

Amaldi felt like crying out, "And do I not need you?" but he choked down
this cry. What meaning had the love of lovers for Rachel mourning her
children? He drew her to him and kissed her loosened hair very gently.

"This is Bobby's hour," he said. "I can wait for my hour."

He left not long after, so that the servants might have no cause to
gossip. It had been decided between them that he would attend to
everything for her and that she and Rosa would be ready to leave by the
morning train.

"I will send men to fetch your boxes at nine," he said. "Your maid can
go with them. I will take you to the station myself."

"Thank you ... thank you, dearest...." she said.

Suddenly he caught her in his arms as on the day before in the Villa
garden.

"Don't forget that you are the blood of my soul...." he said in a
strangled voice.

She sobbed out his name--put up her arms about his neck. He kissed her
rather wildly and went without another word.

That strange phrase of his rang in her mind all night, mingled with her
frantic, confused thoughts of Bobby--and anguish of dread about what
Lady Wychcote might say and do before Mr. Surtees could hear the true
facts.

Amaldi had spoken in Italian as he nearly always did in moments of great
feeling. She could hear his choked voice saying those strange, intense
words ... "_sei il sangue del anima mia_"--the blood of his soul ... she
was that to him. And yet, as she lay on the bed that Bobby had shared
with her only last night, she felt as if her son were the true blood of
her own soul ... that if she lost him by any dreadful, unspeakable
chance--her soul would bleed away ... there would be no love left in her
for any one.... And she began to reproach herself bitterly through the
endless, sleepless night. She had been wrapped up in her own life ...
she had not thought as she should of the precious little life derived
from hers.... She should have foreseen. Knowing Lady Wychcote as she
knew her, she ought to have had such a possibility as this that had
happened always before her.

Then again she would think of Amaldi with a throb of pain and yearning.
How pale he had looked ... how worn. She could not sleep. Her head and
heart both were burning. Now Loring's face came before her. It blended
with Amaldi's, blurring it, blotting it out. Now it was Cecil who looked
straight at her with hard, angry eyes. "Where is my son, eh?... What
have you done with my son?" he seemed to say.

She rose from the bed finally, lighted a candle and began to pack her
travelling bags. As soon as daylight came, she asked Rosa to make her
some coffee. Then, in spite of the woman's protests, helped her with the
other packing. Once when they were folding Bobby's little garments, she
put down her head on Rosa's shoulder and began to sob. Then she
controlled herself again. She would need all her strength for the hours
and days that lay before her.
Later in the morning, when she was on her way to the station alone with
Amaldi, it was even worse, but she had no temptation to cry now. This
new pain that had sprung suddenly to life in her had the searing quality
of hot iron. She kept stealing glances at his face, as he sat beside her
in the gondola looking straight ahead, his under-lids drawn slightly up.
It gave him a queer, short-sighted yet uncanny look, as though he were
trying to focus some apparition of the future. He was thinking:

"If she has to choose between me and her son--she will choose her son."

Sophy was thinking:

"How long will it be before I see him again?... What if I never see him
again?" She felt as if some inner force were tearing her in two. She had
just begun to realise that in finding Bobby again she might lose Amaldi.

She put her hand on his.

"Marco...." she whispered. Her voice was full of fear and pain.

His hand turned under hers, clasped it tight. He looked at her but said
nothing.

"I'm afraid...." she whispered again. "Not only about Bobby ... about
us...."

"I know," he said this time.

He tried to think of some words of comfort, but they would not come. He
was obsessed by the suffocating pain of his desire to help and guard her
in this dreadful crisis, and the knowledge that the only thing he could
do for her was to keep away, to let her take that long, anxious journey
alone. At the time when she needed him most he could do nothing. His
love was powerless. It was because of his love that this dark thing had
come upon her. He said at last, rather mechanically:

"When you see the solicitor, things will clear, I feel certain....
You'll write me as soon as you've seen him?"

"Yes ... yes," she answered eagerly. "And you ... you'll write to me ...
every day, won't you?... That will be my only comfort ... my only...."

She choked and could not go on.

He asked her where he should address his letters, and she answered "to
Breene."

"They will be
