There was a tone of command in his voice. The man felt like obeying.

"It's no use, sir," he said; "my orders was most explicit, sir."

A savage look flashed into his eyes, but he held himself under control.

"I wish you to go to Miss Castlemaine and tell her that I must see her."

"My orders, sir, was most----"

"Go and tell her," he said quietly, "that I must see her, and that I
shall wait here until I do."

The look in his eyes frightened the old servant. Besides, for some time
now, he had been led to look upon him as his future master.

"For God's sake, Mr. Leicester----" he said piteously.

"Go, or I will not be answerable for the consequences," he said, in the
same quiet tones; "tell them that I will not take 'No' for an answer."

The servant looked helplessly, first at Leicester and then at Winfield.
Finally he closed the door in their faces like one afraid.

"I'll do the best I can, sir," he said, "but you must not come in."

A few minutes later he came back again, and his face was almost as pale
as that of the young man who had stood as still as a statue on the
doorstep.

"If you please, sir, you are both to follow me," he said in a frightened
whisper.

Leicester was perfectly calm now, but the calm was unnatural; his every
feature was set and rigid, his face had a pallor that was deathly. He
followed the man without a word. As for Winfield, he felt that the whole
atmosphere of the place was charged with excitement, and he wondered
why he was also asked to follow the servant.

With faltering steps the man led the way into the library. Leicester
knew that this was John Castlemaine's favourite room, and that it was
here he spent most of his time when he was at home. The servant opened
the door, and then closed it again, noiselessly.

Olive Castlemaine and her father were both standing near the fireplace
as the young men entered. The man's face was cold, and stern, and
relentless. As for Olive, she gave evidence of a sleepless night. Her
eyes were dry and hard, but her face, though pale, suggested no signs of
weakness. She looked almost composed, except that her lips were
compressed.

Leicester took a step towards her, but only a step. The look in her eyes
forbade him. Still he remained calm.

"I am naturally come for--for an explanation," he said.

"I thought that my letter would have relieved me of that necessity,"
said John Castlemaine.

"I have received no letter."

"I sent one by hand this morning."

"I have not seen it."

Leicester knew by the look on Olive's face that something terrible had
happened, and the look nerved him to expect anything.

"In my letter," said John Castlemaine, "I explained why no wedding could
take place to-day, why from henceforth my doors must be closed to you."

"You did not say this last night."

"Much has happened since then."

"Nothing can have happened since then to justify such treatment as I
have received."

"Perhaps not," replied John Castlemaine quietly, "but information
concerning past events has reached me since last night which will
justify any treatment."

Leicester's calm was beginning to leave him.

"Olive," he cried, "surely after what was said last night between us you
will not----"

"You will kindly address whatever remarks you wish to make to me,"
interrupted John Castlemaine. "I do not wish my daughter to have any
intercourse with you whatever."

"Then will you give me an explanation of--of this--fiasco," said
Leicester. He still spoke quietly, but any one could detect the tone of
anger that had come into his voice.

"Nothing in the shape of a fiasco exists," said the older man.
"Personally, I do not imagine that any explanation is needed, but, for
form's sake, I will make it. You were received into this house as a
gentleman. I do not think that any of the servants, to say nothing of
myself, have ever regarded you in any other light. I am an old-fashioned
man, Mr. Leicester, and when I know that a man has acted as no gentleman
could or would act, I simply forbid him my house, and I give my servants
instructions accordingly."

"Since when have I ceased to have the right to be treated like a
gentleman?" asked Leicester.

"Since I knew that you made my daughter the subject of a wager," replied
John Castlemaine, with quiet scorn. "Since you wagered a hundred pounds
that you would win her as your wife."
The blow had fallen; the blow which Leicester had feared. That which had
haunted him for months had come to pass. The truth had leaked out, and
both Olive Castlemaine and her father knew the worst. He knew it was no
use making any denials, or urging any extenuating circumstances. There
was enough of truth in the charge to justify Mr. Castlemaine's every
word.

"I do not think I need to say more," went on John Castlemaine. "I see
that you quite understand. You cannot wonder therefore that I have
nullified all arrangements for--what we expected to take place to-day.
That is all, I think. There is no need to prolong an interview which,
whatever it is to you, is very painful to me."

But Leicester was not to be put off so easily. He felt that it was for
him to confess everything, and then fight to the very last. Besides, he
felt he had not been treated fairly. At least he should have been
allowed to justify his position before having the door closed in his
face.

"However much truth there may be in what you say," he said, speaking
still quietly, "I think the right of explanation is due to me. Nay more,
I think I might have been allowed to
