The strange women who were standing around seemed to understand.  They
stepped back.  Mark knelt beside the girl's body.  He could not see
through his tears--but they helped him.  He tried to pray, but found
that he could only weep.  It seemed as though there were a flood within
pushing to find exit and bring comfort to him.  He could think of her
now in but one setting--a great empty church at the end of springtime,
crowds passing outside, a desolate man behind a closed door, and a
little child, with the face of an angel, sitting alone in a carven pew.
He could hear her answer him in her childish prattle, could feel her
cool little hand slip into his as she asked about the lonely man
within.  Then he remembered the kiss.  The floods dried up.  Mark's
sorrow was beyond the consolation of tears.

Saunders aroused him.

"Be careful, Griffin.  The Padre will come.  Don't let him see her yet.
He was hurt, you know, and he couldn't stand it."

Slowly Mark arose.  He couldn't look at her again.  Saunders said
something to the women, and they covered both bodies with blankets from
the wrecked car, just as the priest came up.

"Are there others?" the priest asked.

Saunders looked at Mark as if begging him to be silent.

"No, Father, no others."

"But these--" he pointed to the blanket-covered bodies.

"They are--already dead, Father."

"God rest them.  I can do no more."

The priest turned to cross the track, and almost fell.  Mark sprang to
support him.  The relief train came in and another priest alighted,
with a Protestant clergyman, and the surgeons and nurses.

"It's all right, Father," said Father Murray to his confrere.  "I found
them all and gave absolution.  I'm afraid that I am tired.  There are
many of your people, too," he said, turning to the Protestant
clergyman.  "I wish I were able to go back and show--"

He was tired.  They carried him into the relief train, unconscious.
The young priest and the Protestant clergyman came frequently to look
at him as the train sped on toward Baltimore.  But there was no cause
for alarm; Father Murray was only overcome by his efforts and the blow.
In half an hour he was helping again, Mark and Saunders watching
closely, in fear that he might lift the blanket that covered the face
of Ruth Atheson.

When Father Murray came to where she had been placed in the train, Mark
put his hand on the priest's arm.

"Don't, please, Father.  She is dead--one of the two you saw lying on
the other side when you came over."

"Yes, I know.  But I should like to see."  Father Murray started to
raise the cloth, but again Mark stopped him.

"Please do not look, Father."

The deep sadness in Mark's voice caused the priest to stare at him with
widely opened eyes.  A look of fear came into them as he glanced at the
covered body.  For the first time he seemed afraid, and Saunders drew
near to catch him.  But he did not fall.

"I think--Mark--that I will look.  I can drink of the chalice--if it
must be--I am sure I can.  Don't be afraid for me, my friend.  Draw the
blanket back."

But Mark could not.

Father Murray pushed him gently aside and lifted the covering
reverently and slowly.  He dropped it with a faint gasp as the face
stood revealed.  Then he leaned over the dead girl and searched the
features for a full half minute, that seemed an age to Mark.  The
priest's lips moved, but Mark caught only a few words: "I thank Thee
for sparing me, Lord."

He caught the end of the blanket and once more covered the dead face.
Then he turned and faced Mark and Saunders.

"God rest her.  It is not Ruth."

[Illustration: "God rest her," Father Murray said after what seemed an
age to Mark; "it is not Ruth!"]

Mark stared bewildered.  Had the priest's, mind been affected by the
blow, and the subsequent excitement?  Father Murray sensed what was
going on in Mark's mind.

"Can't you trust me, Mark?  I know that the likeness is marvelous--"

"Likeness?" gasped Mark.  But there was a whole world of hope in his
voice.

"Yes, my friend--likeness.  I--" the priest hesitated--"I knew her
well.  It is not Ruth."
A long, low-built limousine kept passing and repassing the Ministry,
and taking excursions to the parks, in an evident effort to kill time.
At last, the street being well clear of pedestrians and vehicles, the
car drew up in front of the house, the door of which was quickly thrown
open.  The chauffeur descended and opened the door of the car, but said
nothing.  A man stepped out backward.

"We have arrived, Your Highness," he said to someone within.  "Will you
walk across the path to the door, or will you force us again to be
disrespectful in carrying out our orders?"

From within a girl's voice answered:

"You need not fear; I shall make no outcry."

"The word of Your Highness is given.  It would be painful for us to be
disrespectful again.  Come."

The girl who stepped out of the car was unmistakably Ruth Atheson.
Behind her came a raw-boned, muscular woman, and a powerful-looking man.
As she was hurried between the tall stone gateposts and up the cement
walk, Ruth had but little time to observe her surroundings; but her
eyes were quick, and she saw that the house she was about to enter was
set some twenty feet back in quiet roomy grounds bordered by an
ornamental stone wall.  Distinguishing the house from its neighbors was
a narrow veranda extending for some distance across the front, its
slender columns rising to such a height that the flat roof, lodged with
stone, formed a balcony easily accessible from the second floor.  To
one
