"Strawberries, mostly. Pumpkins, sometimes, an' sometimes lemons an'
cucumbers. Yes, he's stung up from his elbows down. That man's luck's
perfectly paralyzin'. Naow we'll take a-holt o' the tackles an' hist
'em in. Is it true what you told me jest now, that you never done a
hand's turn o' work in all your born life? Must feel kinder awful,
don't it?"

"I'm going to try to work, anyway," Harvey replied stoutly. "Only it's
all dead new."

"Lay a-holt o' that tackle, then. Behind ye!"

Harvey grabbed at a rope and long iron hook dangling from one of the
stays of the mainmast, while Dan pulled down another that ran from
something he called a "topping-lift," as Manuel drew alongside in his
loaded dory. The Portuguese smiled a brilliant smile that Harvey
learned to know well later, and with a short-handled fork began to
throw fish into the pen on deck. "Two hundred and thirty-one," he
shouted.

"Give him the hook," said Dan, and Harvey ran it into Manuel's hands.
He slipped it through a loop of rope at the dory's bow, caught Dan's
tackle, hooked it to the stern-becket, and clambered into the schooner.

"Pull!" shouted Dan, and Harvey pulled, astonished to find how easily
the dory rose.

"Hold on, she don't nest in the crosstrees!" Dan laughed; and Harvey
held on, for the boat lay in the air above his head.

"Lower away," Dan shouted, and as Harvey lowered, Dan swayed the light
boat with one hand till it landed softly just behind the mainmast.
"They don't weigh nothin' empty. Thet was right smart fer a passenger.
There's more trick to it in a sea-way."

"Ah ha!" said Manuel, holding out a brown hand. "You are some pretty
well now? This time last night the fish they fish for you. Now you fish
for fish. Eh, wha-at?"

"I'm--I'm ever so grateful," Harvey stammered, and his unfortunate hand
stole to his pocket once more, but he remembered that he had no money
to offer. When he knew Manuel better the mere thought of the mistake he
might have made would cover him with hot, uneasy blushes in his bunk.

"There is no to be thankful for to me!" said Manuel. "How shall I leave
you dreeft, dreeft all around the Banks? Now you are a fisherman eh,
wha-at? Ouh! Auh!" He bent backward and forward stiffly from the hips
to get the kinks out of himself.

"I have not cleaned boat to-day. Too busy. They struck on queek. Danny,
my son, clean for me."

Harvey moved forward at once. Here was something he could do for the
man who had saved his life.

Dan threw him a swab, and he leaned over the dory, mopping up the slime
clumsily, but with great good-will. "Hike out the foot-boards; they
slide in them grooves," said Dan. "Swab 'em an' lay 'em down. Never let
a foot-board jam. Ye may want her bad some day. Here's Long Jack."

A stream of glittering fish flew into the pen from a dory alongside.

"Manuel, you take the tackle. I'll fix the tables. Harvey, clear
Manuel's boat. Long Jack's nestin' on the top of her."

Harvey looked up from his swabbing at the bottom of another dory just
above his head.

"Jest like the Injian puzzle-boxes, ain't they?" said Dan, as the one
boat dropped into the other.

"Takes to ut like a duck to water," said Long Jack, a grizzly-chinned,
long-lipped Galway man, bending to and fro exactly as Manuel had done.
Disko in the cabin growled up the hatchway, and they could hear him
suck his pencil.

"Wan hunder an' forty-nine an' a half-bad luck to ye, Discobolus!" said
Long Jack. "I'm murderin' meself to fill your pockuts. Slate ut for a
bad catch. The Portugee has bate me."

Whack came another dory alongside, and more fish shot into the pen.

"Two hundred and three. Let's look at the passenger!" The speaker was
even larger than the Galway man, and his face was made curious by a
purple cut running slant-ways from his left eye to the right corner of
his mouth.

Not knowing what else to do, Harvey swabbed each dory as it came down,
pulled out the foot-boards, and laid them in the bottom of the boat.

"He's caught on good," said the scarred man, who was Tom Platt,
watching him critically. "There are two ways o' doin' everything. One's
fisher-fashion--any end first an' a slippery hitch over all--an' the
other's--"

"What we did on the old Ohio!" Dan interrupted, brushing into the knot
of men with a long board on legs. "Get out o' here, Tom Platt, an'
leave me fix the tables."

He jammed one end of the board into two nicks in the bulwarks, kicked
out the leg, and ducked just in time to avoid a swinging blow from the
man-o'-war's man.

"An' they did that on the Ohio, too, Danny. See?" said Tom Platt,
laughing.

"Guess they was swivel-eyed, then, fer it didn't git home, and I know
who'll find his boots on the main-truck ef he don't leave us alone.
Haul ahead! I'm busy, can't ye see?"

"Danny, ye lie on the cable an' sleep all day," said Long Jack. "You're
the hoight av impidence, an' I'm persuaded ye'll corrupt our supercargo
in a week."

"His name's Harvey," said Dan, waving two strangely shaped knives, "an'
he'll be worth five of any Sou' Boston clam-digger 'fore long." He laid
the knives tastefully on the table, cocked his head on one side, and
admired the effect.

"I think it's forty-two," said a small voice overside, and there was a
roar of laughter as another voice answered, "Then my luck's turned fer
onct, 'caze I'm forty-five, though I be stung outer all shape."

"Forty-two or forty-five. I've lost count," the small voice said.

"It's Penn an' Uncle Salters caountin' catch. This beats the circus any
day," said Dan. "Jest look at 'em!"

"Come in--
