The early October dusk filled the room. Andrew caught up the bag he had
brought with him, slammed the door, and blundered down the stairs. He
caught a passing hansom in Fleet Street and the last train to Lymchurch.

A furious south-wester was waiting for him there. He could hardly stand
against it--it blew and tore and buffeted him, almost prevailing against
him as he staggered down the road from the station. The night was inky
black, but he knew his Lymchurch every inch, and he fought it manfully,
though every now and then he was fain to cling to a gateway or a post,
and hold on till the gust had passed. Thus, breathless and dishevelled,
his tie under his left ear, his hat battered in, his hair in crisp
disorder, he reached at last the haven of the little porch of the house
under the sea-wall.

Rosamund herself opened the door; her eyes showed him two things--her
love and her pride. Which would be the stronger? He remembered how the
question had been answered in his own case, and he shivered as she took
his hand and led him into the warm, lamp-lighted room. The curtains
were drawn; the hearth swept; a tabby cat purred on the rug; a book lay
open on the table: all breathed of the sober comfort of home. She sat
down on the other side of the hearth and looked at him. Neither spoke.
It was an awkward moment.

Rosamund broke the silence.

"It is very friendly of you to come and see me," she said. "It is very
lonely for me now. Constance has gone back to London."

"She has gone back to her teaching?"

"Yes; I wanted her to stay, but----"

"I've heard from Stephen. He is very wretched; he seems to think it is
his fault."

"Poor, dear boy!" She spoke musingly. "Of course it wasn't his fault. It
all seems like a dream, to have been so rich for a little while, and to
have done nothing with it except," she added with a laugh and a glance
at her fur-trimmed dress, "to buy a most extravagant number of white
dresses. How awfully tired you look, Andrew! Go and have a wash--the
spare room's the first door at the top of the stairs--and I'll get you
some supper."

When he came down again, she had laid a cloth on the table and was
setting out silver and glass.

"Another relic of my brief prosperity," she said, touching the forks and
spoons. "I'm glad I don't have to eat with nickel-plated things."

She talked gaily as they ate. The home atmosphere of the room touched
Dornington. Rosamund herself, in her white gown, had never appeared so
fair and desirable. And but for his own mad pride he might have been
here now, sharing her pretty little home life with her--not as her
guest, but as her husband. He flushed crimson. Blushing was an old trick
of his--one of those that had earned him his feminine nickname of Dora,
and in the confusion his blushing brought him, he spoke.

"Rosamund, can you ever forgive me?"

"I forgive you from my heart," she said, "if I have anything to
forgive."

But in her tone was the resentment of a woman who does not forgive. Yet
he had been right. He had sacrificed himself; and if he had chosen to
suffer? But what about the blue lines under her dear eyes, the hollows
in her dear face?

"You have been unhappy," he said.

"Well," she laughed, "I wasn't exactly pleased to lose my fortune."

"Dear," he said desperately, "won't you try to forgive me? It seemed
right. How could I sacrifice you to a penniless----"

"I'd enough for both--or thought I had," she said obstinately.

"Ah, but don't you see----"

"I see that you cared more for not being thought mercenary by Stephen
than----"

"Forgive me!" he pleaded; "take me back."

"Oh no"--she tossed her bright head--"Stephen might think me mercenary;
I couldn't bear _that_. You see you are richer than I am now. How much
did you tell me you made a year by your writing? How can I sacrifice you
to a penniless----"
"Rosamund, do you mean it?"

"I do mean it. And, besides----"

"What?"

"I don't love you any more." The bright head drooped and turned away.

"I have killed your love. I don't wonder. Forgive me for bothering you.
Good-bye!"

"What are you going to do?" she asked suddenly.

"Oh, don't be afraid, nothing desperate. Only work hard and try to
forgive you."

"Forgive _me_? You have nothing to forgive."

"No, nothing--if you had left off loving me? Have you? Is it true?"

"Good-bye!" she said. "You are staying at the 'Ship'?"

"Yes."

"Don't let's part in anger. I shall be on the sea-wall in the morning.
Let's part friends, then."

In the morning Andrew went into the fresh air. The trees, still gold in
calmer homes, stood almost leafless in wild, windy Lymchurch. He stood
in the sunlight, and in spite of himself some sort of gladness came to
him through the crisp October air. Then the _ping_ of a bicycle bell
sounded close behind him, and there was Stephen.

They shook hands, and Stephen's eyebrows went up.

"Is it all right?" he asked. "I knew you'd come here when I came home
last night and found you'd had my letter."

"No; it's not all right. She won't have me."

"Why?"

"Pride or revenge, or something. Don't let's talk about it."

"All right. I want some breakfast; we left town by the 7.20. I'm
starving."

"Who are 'we'?"

"Miss Grant and I. I thought Rosamund would be wanting a _chaperon_ or a
bridesmaid, or something, so I brought her and her bicycle."

"Always thoughtful," said Andrew, with something like a laugh.
Presently, strolling along the sea-wall they met the two girls. Rosamund
