For answer, she pressed them inward until they were only a thin mark in
her face. Her eyes glittered up at him, defiant, rebellious, fiercely
mocking.

The passion ebbed gradually from his own face. As he still held her, and
she still continued to keep her full lips turned inward, he broke into a
helpless, unwilling laugh. "Of all the little brutes...." he muttered
unsteadily. At last he let her go. She backed away from him, then her
lips curled free again, redder for their imprisonment. She smiled with
impish delight at the success of her simple device.

"And yet women say they've been kissed against their wills!" she gurgled
gleefully. "We _are_ liars ... we women, Morry, dear!"

Something in her tone gave him a queer hope. He went up to her again. He
said in a voice that trembled a little:

"Have _you_ lied to _me_, Linda?... Was it a lie when you told me that
beast had kissed you?... Had kissed your mouth?"

Belinda certainly had inspirations. She looked at him with her most
melting yet most wayward look. Her dimples flickered.

"Well ... I guess he didn't enjoy the sort of kisses he _did_ get," she
murmured.

"Linda...." whispered Loring. "Linda...."

The sudden revulsion of mood made him dizzy.

"Oh ... Linda," he repeated, and, putting out his arms, drew her to him
again.

But she was quite serious now. Frowning a little, and swayed back
stiffly in his grasp, she said:

"See here, Morry--you've called me some hard names. But I'll let that
pass. I can understand that. What I can't understand, and what I won't
let pass is your trying to keep me and your wife at the same time. I
won't lie any more---- Yes.... I _did_ lie just now. It did me good all
over, too!" And she showed her white teeth in a rather fierce little
smile. "But I won't lie any more. I _don't_ love Lewis Cuthbridge-- I
rather loathe him ... but as sure as I live ... as we both live ...
unless you break free ... unless you get that divorce, or let her
divorce ... I'll marry Lewis within two months. Mind you...." she added,
as she felt his arms tighten convulsively, "I'm not lying.... I mean
it."

Loring's face looked drawn and curiously hunted.

As she spoke, his eyes followed the movements of her full, soft lips.
They curled into such lovely curves when she talked--now hiding her
little fine, white lower teeth, now revealing them.

"And if I say I'll do it ... then ... will you kiss me?" he whispered.

A wild thrill sang through Belinda. Her arms, which had been hanging at
her sides, whipped round him. She strained him to her.

"If you'll _swear_ it ... I will," she whispered back.

"And ... and ... you'll ... give yourself to me ... you'll chuck that
brute ... at once?"

Respectability, the only chaperon that ever influenced Belinda, warned
sharply. She relaxed her hold of him a little. Her voice took a keener
note.

"D'you mean ... will I marry you when you're free?"

Loring paled, then the blood rushed to his face again.

"Yes ... damn it ... I mean that," he said.

She eyed him for a few seconds narrowly. Then she said:

"You swear it?"

"I swear it," he muttered.

"On your honour?"

"Yes ... on what's left of it."

Belinda stretched upwards against him, like a luxurious young puma,
relaxing to pleasure after a long strain of crouching watchfulness.

"Ah ... Morry...." she sighed, and she held up to his her parted,
vaguely smiling lips.


But that kiss-sealed oath to Belinda did not keep Loring from "going two
ways" in his heart, for some time still. He was truly between two fires.
He could not bear to let Sophy go in order to keep Belinda. It was
unendurable to think of relinquishing Belinda that he might keep Sophy.
In the end, however, Belinda won. When it came to the final test, he
found that he could more easily let Sophy slip from him into a vague
future than resign Belinda to the fat arms of Lewis Cuthbridge. And he
suffered. For the best in him clung to Sophy, and he knew that it was
with his best that he clung to her.

Belinda saw this inward struggle quite plainly. She remained calm in
presence of it. Propinquity was her staunch ally. Besides, she had
refused to break her engagement with Cuthbridge, until Morris could
assure her--could let her see "with her own eyes"--that a divorce
between him and Sophy had been decided upon past recall.

By the middle of December he was able to satisfy her in this respect. As
soon as she was convinced that matters had reached an irrevocable point,
she broke her engagement as she had promised. Then she set herself to
blot out all possible regret on Loring's part. For this rôle nature had
consummately endowed her. Loring's heart had no chance to ache. His
frantic passion filled every crevice of his consciousness. Memories,
doubts, regrets--all went scurrying before it, like wild things before
the onrush of a prairie fire.

As "Venus Victrix," Belinda was quite wonderful. Yet though she was now
wholly Venus and triumphant, she still kept homespun Respectability at
her elbow. Not a hair's-breadth too far did she permit her inflammable
lover to venture. Belinda as Goddess would have compelled all Olympus to
address her as Mrs. Vulcan.
And so, towards the end of December, Sophy left Bobby in the care of
Charlotte and Harold Grey, and went to desolate, far-western Ontowega.
After six months of that desolation she would be free again. It seemed
incredible. She did not go alone, however. Susan Pickett, a second
cousin of whom she and Charlotte had been very fond since childhood,
went with her. Miss Pickett was a delightful spinster of fifty. She had
not married, simply because she
