"And is it really true? Are you going to govern the Fortunate Islands?"

"I am, indeed--or rather, to be accurate, I am going to deputy-govern
them--I mean, father is--for a year."

"A whole year!" he said, looking down at her fan. "What will London do
without you?"

"London will do excellently," she answered--"and that's my pet fan, and
it's not used to being tied into knots." She took it from him.

"And what shall I do without you?"

"Oh! laugh and rhyme and dance and dine. You'll go out to the proper
number of dinners and dances, and make the proper measure of pretty
little speeches and nice little phrases; and you'll do your reviews, and
try to make them as like your editor's as you can; and you'll turn out
your charming little rondeaux and triolets, and the year will simply
fly. Heigho! I'm glad I'm going to see something big, if it's only the
Atlantic."

"You are very cruel," he said.

"Am I? But it's not cruel to be cruel if nobody's hurt, is it? And I am
so tired of nice little verses and pretty little dances and dainty
little dinners. Oh, if I were only a man!"

"Thank God you're not!" said he.

"If I were a man, I would do just one big thing in my life, even if I
had to settle down to a life of snippets and trifles afterwards."

Her eyes were shining. They always glittered, but now they were starry.
The drifted white folds across her breast stirred to her quickened
breath.

"If you loved me, Sybil, I could do something great!" said he.

"But I _don't_," she said--"at any rate, not now; and I've told you so a
dozen times. My dear Rupert, the man who needs a woman to save him isn't
worth the saving."

"What would you call a big thing?" he asked. "Must I conquer an empire
for you, or start a new religion? Or shall I merely get the Victoria
Cross, or become Prime Minister?"

"Don't sneer," said she; "it doesn't become you at all. You've no idea
how horrid you look when you're sneering. Why don't you----? Oh! but
it's no good! By the way, what a charming cover Housman has designed for
your _Veils and Violets_! It's a dear little book. Some of the verses
are quite pretty."

"Go on," said he, "rub it in. I know I haven't done much yet; but
there's plenty of time. And how can one do any good work when one is for
ever sticking up one's heart like a beastly cocoanut for you to shy at?
If you'd only marry me, Sybil, you should see how I would work!"

"May I refer you to my speech--not the last one, but the one before
that."

He laughed; then he sighed.

"Ah, my Pretty," he said, "it was all very well, and pleasant enough to
be scolded by you when I could see you every day; but now----"

"How often," she asked calmly, "have I told you that you must not call
me that? It was all very well when we were children; but now----"

"Look here," he said, leaning towards her, "there's not a soul about;
they're in the middle of the Lancers. Let me kiss you once--it can't
matter to you--and it will mean so very much to me."

"That's just it," she said; "if it didn't mean----"

"Then it shan't mean anything but good-bye. It's only about eight years
since you gave up the habit of kissing me on every occasion."

She looked down, then she looked to right and left, then suddenly she
looked at him.

"Very well," she said suddenly.

"No," he said; "I won't have it unless it _does_ mean something."

There was a silence. "Our dance, I think?" said the voice of one bending
before her, and she was borne away on the arm of the partner from whom
she had been hiding.

Rupert left early. He had not been able to secure any more dances with
her. She left late. When she came to think the evening over, she sighed
more than once. "I wish I loved him a little less, or a little more,"
she said; "and I wish--yes, I do wish he had. I don't suppose he'll care
a bit for me when I come back."

So she set sail for the Fortunate or other Isles, and in dainty verses
on loss and absence he found some solace for the pain of parting with
her. Yet the pain was a real thing, and grew greater, and life seemed to
have no taste, even tobacco no charm. She had always been a part of his
life since the days when nothing but a sunk fence divided his father's
park from her father's rabbit-warren. He grew paler, and he developed a
wrinkle or two, and a buoyant friend meeting him in Piccadilly assured
him that he looked very much off colour, and in his light-hearted way
the friend advised the sort of trip round the world from which yesterday
had seen his own jovial return.
"Do you all the good in the world, my boy. 'Pon my soul, you have a
tired sort of look, as if you'd got some of these jolly new diseases
people have taken to dying of lately--appendi-what's-its-name, you know,
and things like that. You book your passage to Marseilles at once. So
long! You take my tip."

What Rupert took was a cab. He looked at himself in one of the little
horseshoe mirrors. He certainly did look ill; and he felt ill--tired,
bored, and nothing seemed worth while. He drove to a doctor friend, who
punched and prodded him and listened with tubes at his chest and back,
looked grave, and said: "Go to Strongitharm--he's absolutely at _the_
top. Twenty-guinea fee. But it's better to know where we are.
