They crossed the street to the rectory, an old-fashioned house nestling
among the trees, the parapet and pillars of its broad veranda almost
hidden by a heavy growth of ampelopsis.  In front of the house, a
stretch of well-kept lawn was divided from the public walk by a
hawthorn hedge, and, cutting through its velvety green, a wide graveled
pathway swept up to the steps whose sharp angle with the veranda was
softened by a mass of low-growing, flowering shrubs.   To the side,
extending towards the church, the hedge was tripled, with a space of
some six feet between.  The lower branches of the evergreens forming
the second row were scarcely higher than the hawthorn in front; while,
in their turn, the evergreens were barely topped by the silver maples
behind.  That triple hedge had been the loving care of the successive
priests for fifty years and served as an effectual bar to the curiosity
of the casual passer-by.  In the little yard behind its shelter the
priest could read or doze, free from the intrusive gaze of the village.

Father Murray, who was comfortably reading on the veranda, arose as his
two visitors approached.

Saunders spoke quickly.   "Don't worry, Padre.  I ain't goin' to get
after you again to sell you another set.  I just thought I'd like to
have you meet my friend, Mr. Griffin.  I know you'll like him.  He's
bookish, too, and an Englishman.  Then, I'm off."  Suiting the action
to the word, the agent, raising his hat, walked down the graveled path
and down toward the hotel.

Father Murray took Mark's hand with a friendly grip quite different
from the bone-crushing handshake he so often met in America.  Mark
gazed thoughtfully at his host.  With his thin but kindly face and
commanding presence, the priest seemed almost foreign.  What Mark saw
was a tall--he was six feet at least of bone and muscle--and
good-looking man, with an ascetic nose and mouth; with hair, once
black, but now showing traces of white, falling in thick waves over a
broad brow.  Mark noticed that his cassock was old and faded, but that
reddish buttons down its front distinguished it from the cassocks of
other village priests he had seen on his travels.

"You are welcome, Mr. Griffin--very welcome."  Mark found Father
Murray's voice pleasing.  "Sit down right over there.  That chair is
more comfortable than it looks.  I call it 'Old Hickory' because,
though it isn't hickory, yet it began life in this old house and has
outlived three pastors.  Smoke?"

"Thanks, I do--but a pipe, you know.  I'm hopelessly British."  Mark
pulled out his pipe and a pouch of tobacco.

Turning to the wicker table beside him, the priest dug down into an old
cigar box filled with the odds and ends that smokers accumulate.  He
found a pipe and filled it from Mark's extended tobacco pouch.

"It's poor hospitality, Mr. Griffin, to take your tobacco; but I
offered you a cigar.  You know, this cigar habit has so grown into me
that it's a rare occasion that brings me back to old times and my
pipe."  Father Murray pressed the tobacco down into the bowl.  "How
long are you to be with us, Mr. Griffin?"

Mark was dropping into a lazy mood again; it was very comfortable on
the veranda.  "I haven't fixed a time for going on.  I beg your pardon,
but aren't those buttons significant?  I once spent six months in Rome.
Aren't you what they call a _Monsignore_?"

"Don't tell them so here, or I'll lose my standing.  Yes, I am a
prelate, a Domestic Prelate to His Holiness.  I am afraid it is the
domesticity of the title that sticks here in Sihasset, rather than the
prelacy.  My people are poor--mostly mill workers.  I have never shown
them the purple.  It might frighten them out of saying 'Father.'"

"But surely--"  Mark hesitated.

"Oh, yes, I know what you are thinking.  I did like it at first, but I
was younger then, and more ambitious.  You know, Mr. Griffin, I find
that the priesthood is something like a river.  The farther you go from
the source the deeper and wider it gets; and it's at its best as it
nears the ocean.  Even when it empties into the wider waters, it isn't
quite lost.  It's in the beginning that you notice the flowers on the
bank.  Coming toward the end, it's--well, different."

"You are not beginning to think you are old?"

"No."  Father Murray was very positive.  "I am not old yet; but I'm
getting there, for I'm forty-five.  Only five years until I strike the
half-century mark.  But why talk about priests and the priesthood?  You
are not a Catholic?"

"I don't know," said Mark.  "The difference between us religiously,
Monsignore, is that I was and am not; you were not and behold you are."

Father Murray looked interested.

"Yes, yes," he said; "I am a convert.  It was long ago, though.  I was
a young Presbyterian minister, and it's odd how it came about.  Newman
didn't get me, though he shook his own tree into the Pope's lap; I
wasn't on the tree.  It was Brownson--a Presbyterian like myself--who
did the business.  You don't know him?  Pity!  He's worth knowing.  I
got to reading him, and he made it so plain that I had to drop.  I
didn't want to, either--but here I am.  Now, Mr. Griffin, how did you
happen to go the other way?"

"I didn't go--that is, not deliberately.  I just drifted.  Mother died,
and father didn't care, in fact rather opposed; so I just didn't last.
Later on, I studied the church and I could not see."

"Studied the church?  You mean the Catholic Church?"  Father Murray's
mouth hid the ghost of a smile.

"No, it wasn't the Catholic Church in particular.  When we worldlings
say 'the church,' we mean religion in general, perhaps all

