His Excellency arrived at last--in a low, swift-running automobile, the
chauffeur of which seemed to know the road very well, and seemed also
to be acquainted with every turn in the village.  There was no one to
notice that, when he passed the gates of Killimaga, he laughed quietly.

At Killimaga the gardens had never looked lovelier.  Autumn was kind
and contributed almost a summer sun.

Father Murray tore himself away from his guests at the rectory--and who
should those guests be but the old friends who had for so long
neglected him--to run up before the ceremony to see Ruth.  She was
already arrayed in her bridal finery, but she rushed out to meet him
when she heard that he had arrived.

Holding her off at arm's length, he looked at her and said, "I think,
dearie, that I am going to die very soon."

"Die!  Why, you old love, how could you get that notion into your head?"

"Because," he answered, "I am so very, very happy--too happy.  I have
had a great deal more, dear, than I was ever entitled to in this life.
When I sent you away and went to Rome, I feared I had given you up
forever; and, behold, here I am, with the silver hairs coming--a priest
with all the consolations that a priest can have, and yet I have a
daughter, too."  And smiling in his own winning way, he added, "And
such a daughter!--even if she is really only a niece."

Ruth laughed softly and drew his arm around her as she laid hers
lightly on his shoulder.

"I am afraid," she said, "that the daughter never deserved the kind of
a daddy she has had--the only one she ever knew.  If Carlotta--"

But Father Murray interrupted hastily as he observed the touch of
sorrow in her voice.

"Do not think of her to-day, my dear," he said.  "Put her out of your
mind.  You have prayed for her, and so have I.  It is all we can do,
and we can always pray.  Forget her until to-morrow and then--never
forget."

Seeing that the sad look had not been entirely chased away, he added,
cheerfully:

"Now, before I go back to the Bishop and my friends, I want to ask you
one serious question."

Ruth looked up with sudden interest.  "As many as you like."

He took her hands in his and looked keenly into her face.  "It was
always a mystery to me," he said, "how you and Mark fell in love with
each other so promptly.  He saw you coming out of the tree-door, then
he met you once or twice, and after that he lost his head; and
you--minx!--you lost yours.  I have often heard of love at first sight,
but this is the only example I have ever seen of it.  Explain, please,
for the ways of youth are strange, and even yet--old as I am--I have
not learned to understand them."

"Why," she answered, "I had met him long before.  Don't you remember
that day in London when you said good-bye to your congregation?  Have
you forgotten that Ruth was there?" she asked archly, half
reproachfully.

Father Murray's eyes lit up.  "You remembered, then!  Yes, yes.  He
told me of the little girl.  And you really remembered?"

He was standing in front of her now, holding her at arm's length and
looking straight at her glowing face.

"I remembered.  I knew that day that you were suffering, and though I
was only eight years old, I cried for you while I was sitting all alone
in the big pew.  He passed me, and smiled.  When he came out again, he
saw that I was still crying.  I asked him about you, and he said
something that went straight to my little girl's heart: he praised you.
To soothe me, he took me in his arms and--well," she added blushing,
"he kissed me.  I fell in love with that big man right there; I never
lost the memory of him or that kiss.  When I saw him here at Killimaga,
and when he told me what I wanted so badly to hear, I knew he was worth
waiting for.  If you want to know more about the ways of youth, daddy
dear," she continued saucily, "only know that I would have waited a
century--if I could have lived so long, and if I had had to wait."

"Tell me, Ruth, what shall I give you?  I alone have sent nothing," he
said.  "'Ask and you shall receive,' you know.  What is to be my poor
offering for the wedding feast?"

"Will you promise beforehand to grant it?"

"If I can, dear, I will grant it."

"Goody!" she cried, in almost childish glee.  Then she stepped lightly
away, her hands behind her, and, like a mischievous child, she leaned
slightly forward as she spoke.  "Here it is: Wear your purple to-day--I
like it."

"But, child, I don't want--"

One white hand was raised in protest, and he seemed once more to be in
London, a tiny figure before him, the blue eyes open wide and the
graceful head nodding emphasis to each word:

"You--_promised_--uncle."

Even so the child had spoken.  Monsignore was learning more of the ways
of youth.  He sighed.

"All right," he granted, "I will wear the purple."

"Thank you--and God bless you, Monsignore."

"And God bless you, my child."  Monsignore lifted his hand in blessing,
then hurried to the church to prepare for the Mass.

The church was already crowded as he stepped from the sanctuary, clad
in rich white vestments--a present from Mark.  Leaning on the arm of
the minister, Ruth came slowly up the aisle, her filmy lace veil
flowing softly around her and far down over the delicate satin of her
sweeping train.  As they neared the altar where Monsignore

