The duke's jester looked down thoughtfully.  He had only half-expressed
to the French _plaisant_ the doubts which had assailed him since his
interview with Louis of Hochfels.  Who could read the minds of
monarchs?  The motives actuating them?  Should he be able to convince
Francis of the deception practised upon him, was it altogether unlikely
that the king might not be brought to condone the offense for the sake
of an alliance with this bastard of Pfalz-Urfeld and the other
unconquerable free barons of the Austrian border against Charles
himself?  Had not Francis in the past, albeit openly friendly with the
emperor, secretly courted the favor of the powerful German nobles in
Charles' own country?  Had not his covenant with the infidel, Solyman,
been a covert attempt to undermine the emperor's power?

From the day when, as young men, both had been aspirants for the
imperial throne of Germany and Francis had suffered defeat, the latter
had assiduously devoted himself to the retributory task of gaining the
ascendancy over his successful rival.  And now, although the tempering
years had assuaged their erstwhile passions and each had professed to
eschew war and its violence, might not this temptation prove too great
for Francis to resist a last blow at the emperor's prestige?  How easy
to affect disbelief of a fool, to overthrow the fabric of friendship
between Charles and himself, and at the same time apparently not
violate good faith or conscience!

The voice of Caillette broke in upon his thoughts.

"You will not then attempt to denounce him?"

The fool hesitated.  "Alone--out of favor with the king, I like not to
risk the outcome--but--if I may depend upon you--"

"Did ever friend refuse such a call?" exclaimed Caillette, promptly.  A
quick glance of gratitude flashed from the other's eyes.

"There is one flaw in the free baron's position," resumed the duke's
fool, more confidently; "a fatal one 'twill prove, if it is possible to
carry out my plans.  He thinks the emperor is in Austria, and his
followers guard the road through the mountains.  He tells himself not
only are the emperor and the Duke of Friedwald too far distant to hear
of the pretender and interfere with the nuptials, but that he obviates
even the contingency of their learning of that matter at all by
controlling the way through which the messengers must go.  Thus rests
he in double security--but an imaginary one."

"What mean you?" asked Caillette, attentively, from his manner giving
fuller credence to the extraordinary news he had just learned.

"That Charles, the emperor, is not in Austria, but in Aragon at
Saragossa, where he can be reached in time to prevent the marriage.
Just before my leaving, the emperor, to my certain knowledge, secretly
departed for Spain on matters pertaining to the governing of Aragon.
Charles plays a deep game in the affairs of Europe, though he works
ever silently and unobtrusively.  Is he not always beforehand with your
king?  When Francis was preparing the gorgeous field of the cloth of
gold for his English brother, did not Charles quietly leave for the
little isle, and there, without beat of drum, arrange his own affairs
before Henry was even seen by your pleasure-loving monarch?  Yes; to
the impostor and to Francis, Charles is in Austria; to us--for now you
share my secret--is he in Spain, where by swift riding he may be found,
and yet interdict in this matter."

"Then why--haven't you ere this fled to the emperor with the news?"

"Last night I had determined to get away, when first I was assaulted by
an assassin of the impostor, and next detained by his troop and brought
back to the castle.  I had even left on foot, trusting to excite less
suspicion, and hoping to find a horse on the way, but fortune was with
the pretender.  So here am I, closely watched--and waiting," he added
grimly.

The listener's demeanor was imperturbability itself.  He knew why the
other had taken him into his confidence, and understood the silent
appeal as plainly as though words had uttered it.  Perhaps he duly
weighed the perils of a flight without permission from the court of the
exacting and capricious monarch, and considered the hazards of the trip
itself through a wild and brigand-infested country.  Possibly, the
thought of the princess moved him, for despite his irony, it was his
mocking fate to entertain in his breast, against his will, a covert
sympathy for the gentler sex; or, looking into the passionate face of
his companion, he may have been conscious of some bond of brotherhood,
a fellow-feeling that could not resist the call upon his good-will and
amicable efforts.  The indifference faded from Caillette's face and
almost a boyish enthusiasm shone in his eyes.

"_Mon ami_, I'll do it!" he exclaimed, lightly.  "I'll ride to the
emperor for you."

Silently the jester of the duke wrung his hand.  "I've long sighed for
an adventure," laughed Caillette.  "And here is the opportunity.
Caillette, a knight-errant!  But"--his face falling--"the emperor will
look on me as a madman."

"Nay," replied the duke's _plaisant_, "here is a letter.  When he reads
it he will, at least, think the affair worth consideration.  He knows
me, and trusts my fidelity, and will be assured I would not jest on
such a serious matter.  Believe me, he will receive you as more than a
madman."

"Why, then, 'twill be a rare adventure," commented the other.
"Wandering in the country; the beautiful country, where I was reared;
away from the madness of courts.  Already I hear the wanton breezes
sighing in Sapphic softness and the forests' elegiac murmur.  Tell me,
how shall I ride?"

"As a knight to the border; thence onward as a minstrel.  In Spain
there's always a welcome for a blithe singer."

"'Tis fortunate I learned some Spanish love songs from a fair señora
who was in Charles' retinue the time
