"Reprisal!" exclaimed Robert of Friedwald, scornfully.  "The best you
can offer is your life."

And with that they closed.  Evading the strokes of his more bulky
antagonist, the younger man's sword repeatedly sought the vulnerable
part of the other's armor.  The free baron's strength became exhausted;
his blows rang harmlessly, or struck the empty air.

A sensation of pain admonished him of his own disability.  About him
his band had melted away; doggedly had they given up their lives
beneath sword, mace and poniard.  The ground was strewn with the slain;
riderless horses were galloping up the road.  The free baron breathed
yet harder; before his eyes he seemed to see only blood.

Of what avail had been his efforts?  He had won the princess, but how
brief had been his triumphs!  With a belief that was almost
superstition, he had imagined his destiny lay thronewards.  But the
curse of his birth had been a ban to his efforts; the bitterness of
defeat smote him.  He knew he was falling; his nerveless hand loosened
his blade.

"I am sped!" he cried; "sped!" and released his hold, while the tide of
conflict appeared abruptly to sweep away.

As he struck the earth an ornament that he had worn about his neck
became unfastened and dropped to the ground.  But once he moved; to
raise himself on his elbow.

"The hazard of the die!" he muttered, striving to see with eyes that
were growing blind.  A rush of blood interrupted him, he fell back,
straightened out, and stirred no more.

Now had the din of strife ceased altogether, when descending the slope
appeared a cavalcade, at the head of which rode a lady on a white
palfrey, followed by several maids and guarded by an escort of soldiers
who wore the king's own colors.  A stricken procession it seemed as it
drew near, the faces of the women white with fear; the gay attire and
gorgeous trappings--a mockery on that ensanguined arena.

Proudly proceeded the lady on the white horse, although in her eyes
shone a look of dread.  It was an age when women were accustomed to
scenes of bloodshed, inured to conflicts in the lists; yet she
shuddered as her palfrey picked its way across that field.  At the near
side of the hollow her glance singled out a motionless figure among
those lying where they had fallen, a thick-set man, whose face was
upturned to the sky.  One look into those glassy eyes, so unresponsive
to her own, and she quickly dismounted and fell on her knees beside the
recumbent form.  She took one of the cold hands in hers, but dropped it
with a scream.

"Dead!" she cried; "dead!"

The lady stared at that terribly repulsive face.  For some moments she
seemed dazed; sat there dully, the onlookers forbearing to disturb her.
Then her gaze encountered that of him who had slain the free baron and
she sprang to her feet.  On her features an expression of bewilderment
had been followed by one of recognition.

"The duke's fool!" she exclaimed wildly.  "He is dead, and you have
killed him!  The fool has murdered his master."

"It is true he is dead," answered the other, leaning heavily on his
sword and surveying the inanimate form, "but he was no master of mine."

"That, Madame la Princesse, we will also affirm," broke in an austere
voice.

Behind them rode the emperor, a dark figure among those bright gowns
and golden trappings, the saddle cloth and adornments of his steed
somber as his own garments.  As he spoke he waved back the cavalcade,
and, in obedience to the gesture, the ladies, soldiers and attendants
withdrew to a discreet distance.  Bitterly the princess surveyed the
monarch; overwrought, a torrent of reproaches sprang from her lips.

"Why has your Majesty made war on my lord?  Why have you countenanced
his enemies and harbored his murderers?"  And then, drawing her figure
to its full height, her tawny hair falling in a cloud about her
shoulders: "Be sure, Sire, my kinsman, the king, will know how to
avenge my wrongs."

"He can not, Madam," answered Charles coldly.  "They are already
avenged."

"Already avenged!" she exclaimed, with her gaze upon the prostrate
figure.

"Yes, Madam.  For he who hath injured you has paid the extreme penalty."

"He who was my husband has been foully murdered!" she retorted,
vehemently.  "What had the Duke of Friedwald done to bring upon himself
your Majesty's displeasure?"

"Nothing," answered the emperor, more gently.

"Nothing!  And yet he lies there--dead!"

"He who lies before you is not the duke, but Louis of Hochfels, the
bastard of Pfalz-Urfeld."

"Ah," she cried, excitedly, "I see you have been listening to the false
fool, his murderer."

An expression of annoyance appeared on the emperor's face.  He liked
not to be crossed at any time by any one.

"You have well called him the false fool, Madam," said Charles, curtly,
"for he is no true fool."

"And yet he rode with your troops!"

"To redeem his honor, Madam."

"His honor!"

With a scornful face she approached nearer to the monarch.

"His honor!  In God's name, what mean you?"

"That the false fool, Madam, is himself the Duke of Friedwald!"
"The Duke of Friedwald!"

It was not the princess who thus exclaimed, but Jacqueline.  Charles
had spoken loudly, and, drawn irresistibly to the scene, she had caught
his significant words at the moment she recognized, in his brave
accoutrements, him whom she had known as the duke's fool.

When she had heard, above the din of the fray, the cries with which the
new-comer had been greeted, no suspicion of his identity had crossed
her mind.  She had wondered, been puzzled at the unexpected appearance
of Robert, Duke of Friedwald, but that he and the ailing fool were one
and the same was wide from her field of speculation. In amazement, she
regarded the knight who had turned the tide of conflict, and then
started
