The joy that ran through the fleet when it was learned that not a
single serious injury had resulted from the accident on the _Manhattan_
may be imagined. Battle practice, which had stopped for that day, was
ordered resumed on the morrow. But before that occurred another event
happened which marked the end of one of the boldest attempts on record
to steal one of Uncle Sam's most jealously guarded secrets.

The squadron was at anchor that evening, and retreat had just blown,
when the wireless operator of the Dreadnought sought Captain Dunham
with a paper in his hand.

It was a wireless from the launch sent after the Pulsifers and their
gang, and reported that the yacht had been intercepted and boarded, off
Boco del Toros, and that all the miscreants were captured.

The captain himself it was who sought out Ned and Herc, in the sick
bay, and communicated the news to them. Both boys had been placed on
the "binnacle list" under their protests; but, gritty as they were,
they had been ordered to the ship's hospital peremptorily.

The rest of the gun crew shared their retreat, though each and every
one of the rescued men declared that he was fit and able for duty.
As a matter of fact, however, all of them had had a severe shock, and
it was some days before they finally recovered and were about again
receiving the congratulations of their shipmates. In the meantime
battle practice went on, and the _Manhattan_ eventually won the
"meat-ball."

The boys received the news of the capture of the Pulsifers with a
cheer, feeble but sincere. The summary court martial called to decide
the cases of Carl Schultz, Silas, and Hank Harkins was convened the
next day, when the crest-fallen prisoners were brought back on board.
Schultz and Silas broke down under questioning and confessed that they
were escaped prisoners, and were returned to the Illinois authorities
to serve out life sentences for the murder of an old farmer near
Springfield many years before.

Ralph Kennell was sentenced to serve ten years in a government
penitentiary and to be dishonorably discharged from the service.
Hank Harkins escaped with a dishonorable discharge, on the boys'
intercession for him. As for the Pulsifers, they were given over to the
Federal authorities, and are now serving long terms at the Federal
prison in Atlanta, Georgia. Simultaneously with the discovery of the
plot, the Baron vanished from Washington, leaving a disappointed and
mystified fiancée. It was never learned for just what government the
Pulsifers had been engaged in their work of spying and bribing.

How Hank Harkins got mixed up with the plotters he explained to the
court martial. He had fallen into Schultz's and Silas' company in New
York and gambled much of his money away to them. Afraid to write home
for more, he had cast about for a way to recruit his finances, and when
Schultz and Silas suggested that he join them in the work they had
undertaken for the Pulsifers, he willingly agreed.

A few days after Ned and Herc were once more up and about--for they had
been "binnacled" while the above events transpired--they were summoned
aft to the captain's cabin, and told that on the return of the fleet
to American waters they were to report to the Secretary of the Navy at
Washington without delay. This event occurred in the early part of June.

The two lads, brown-faced and alert, but somewhat alarmed at the
prospect of encountering such a mighty personage as the Secretary of
the Navy, called at the department, according to instructions, and
sent in their names.

"Send them right in," came a hearty voice, although there was a long
row of visitors ahead of the Dreadnought Boys.

"And so you are the two lads that Captain Dunham thinks more about than
any bluejackets in the service," began the secretary, a keen-faced,
slender man, with a bristly black mustache and kindly, penetrating
eyes. "These are the lads," he went on, turning to a portly man with a
gray mustache and a pleasant smile, who stood behind him.

The stout man stepped forward, and as he did so the boys were struck
with an air of dignity he bore about him, which was even more
impressive than that which hedged the secretary about.

"My lads," he said, "I have heard with interest and deep admiration
of your bravery, and, better than that, your cool-headedness when the
accident that imperilled every soul on the _Manhattan_ occurred. Had it
not been for the pluck of one of you, a disaster which would have been
historic in its horror might have occurred. I refer to your action in
closing the safety doors, Strong.

"And you, Taylor"--Herc turned as red as his own thatch--"you are also
deserving of the highest praise. Your action in entering what seemed
a certain death trap was heroic in the extreme. The United States
Government is proud of you both, and I am authorized to pin upon you,
as unfading mementoes of your conduct, these."

From two blue plush cases the portly man with the kind smile drew two
gold badges which he pinned on the breast of each Dreadnought Boy.

They were the coveted medals of honor.

"I know that you will wear them with the highest appreciation of their
significance. I congratulate you both."

The portly man turned to the secretary with a smile.

"I think that is all, Mr. Secretary," he said.

"I believe so, Mr. President," said the secretary, rising and opening
the door.

The boys' eyes fairly popped in their heads. Herc's amazement actually
overcame his sense of discipline.

"Oh, sir, was that the President himself?" he quavered, as the
secretary returned to his desk.

"It was," smiled the secretary, "and he was here at his own special
wish. He ordered a detailed report made of your actions to him and
investigated your case carefully. You young men

