Two stout, red-faced men, with well-rounded stomachs and fingers
covered with diamonds, lolled at their ease in the just vacated seats,
reading their papers. They had slipped into the places while the boys
were requesting the two ladies to take them.

"Well, what do you know about that?" sputtered Herc indignantly. "They
just sneaked into those seats like skunks into a wood pile."

"They'll come out of them a lot more easily," breathed Ned grimly, as
he took in the situation.

Bending forward, he addressed the interlopers courteously enough, while
those around who had witnessed the scene looked on curiously. It is not
often that a subway passenger has the courage to resent any slight,
however marked. From the compression of Ned's lips and the determined
flash in his eyes, however, it was evident that he had no intention of
allowing the two beefy newspaper readers to enjoy their stolen seats
undisturbed.

"I beg your pardon," said Ned. "Perhaps you are not aware that my
friend and I vacated those seats to allow these ladies to be seated."

One of the red-faced ones, slightly older, it seemed, than the other,
looked up with a bovine stare in his heavily rimmed eyes.

He stared at the Dreadnought Boys much as if they had been some strange
visitors from another planet.

"I guess you don't know much about Noo Yawk," he said in a sneering
tone, "or you'd have known that in the Subway it's 'first come, first
served.'"

"Is that so?" inquired Ned, keeping down his anger, while Herc was
dancing about in the narrow space he could find in the aisle of the
crowded car. The red-headed lad was biting his nails and scratching his
head in a manner that boded a storm as surely as black clouds portend
thunder.

"That being the case," Ned went on in a cool voice, "it's about time
that the Subway learned a few manners. We gave those seats up for those
two ladies, and not for you. Are you going to vacate them?"

"Aw, run along and roll your hoop!" sneered the younger newspaper
reader, with an affectation of great languor. "You drunken sailors
make me tired."

A brown hand shot out as the words left his lips, and the beefy one
found himself propelled by the shoulder into the center of the car
faster than he had had occasion to move for a long time.

At the same instant Herc, to his huge delight, perceived the signal for
action and sailed in on his man. In another second the two beefy ones,
dazed by the suddenness of it all, stood side by side in the center of
the car, while Ned courteously aided the two ladies to the seats from
which the interlopers had been so suddenly wrenched.

"This is an outrage!" bellowed the red-faced men in concert, as they
found their voices. "Such a thing has never happened before."

"That's a pity," observed Ned contemptuously, while the delighted Herc
whispered in a stage undertone:

"Mine came out like a soft, white worm out of a hickory nut."

"Conductor! conductor!" howled the man to whom Ned had given such a
rough and ready lesson in manners, "come here and do your duty. We've
been assaulted."

The conductor pushed his way through the crowded aisle, assuming an air
of great importance.

"What's all this? What's all this?" he shouted.

"These two rowdy sailors deprived us of our seats," sputtered one of
the red-faced men.

"Did you fellows do what he says?" demanded the conductor importantly.

"Sure they did. They pulled the gentlemen right out of them," piped up
a voice in the background of the crowd--that of the ferret-faced youth.

"Gentlemen!" snorted Herc. "We'd call 'em hogs up our way!"

"We got up to give our seats to those two ladies, and are very sorry
to have caused them this embarrassment," volunteered Ned. "But to see
these two overfed fellows slip into the seats before we had hardly
risen from them got our dander riz, and we undertook to put them out."

"Conductor, you will call a special policeman at the next station,"
shouted the man that Ned had hauled to his feet. "I'll make a charge
against these desperate ruffians. They need a lesson."

Ned and Herc exchanged alarmed glances.

It might ruin their naval careers if, on the eve of joining their
ship, they were to undergo the disgrace of an arrest.

"Better think it over," advised the conductor, who seemed disposed to
make peace, and as he slipped by the boys, to regain his platform as
the train slackened speed, he whispered:

"You'd best make a sneak, boys; that fellow is Dave Pulsifer, the big
gun man, and the other's his brother. He's got lots of influence, and
he means to make trouble for you."

Little as either of the Dreadnought Boys relished the idea of running
away from trouble, yet the advice seemed good. They both knew enough of
the law's delays to realize that, in the event of their being arrested
on the red-faced man's charge, they would be liable to be held for some
time before they could have chance of explaining the circumstances of
the case to a magistrate.

As the train rolled into the Seventy-second Street station, therefore,
they adroitly slipped by their friend, the conductor, and, as soon as
he opened the door, shot out onto the platform.

The red-faced men, crying loudly for a special policeman, were in
the act of following them, when--quite by accident, it seemed--the
conductor's foot got in the way, and the first of the pair of worthies
fell headlong over it, and his companion, who was pressing hard on his
heels, piled on top of him.

By the time they had extricated themselves, during which period the
crowd of passengers behind them, who were also anxious to alight, went
almost crazy at having to wait a few seconds, the two lads were far
down the
